AdvCIS - R-FRAND IPR (for international standards contribution)

INTRODUCTION

This IPR License is required to protect providenence required to provide input into international 

The OCG: ADVCIS Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Policy governs the treatment of intellectual property in the production of deliverables by ADVCIS Open (hereafter referred to as ADVCIS).
This Policy applies to all members of ADVCIS and their Affiliates (as defined below). The ADVCIS Board of Directors may amend this Policy at any time in its sole discretion. In the event of such change to this Policy, the Board will provide instructions for transition of membership and Technical Committees to the new Policy; however, no amendment to this Policy will be effective in less than 60 calendar days from the date that written notice of such amendment is given to the Member at its address of record with ADVCIS.
 
DEFINITIONS
Each capitalized term within this document shall have the meaning provided below:
 
Affiliate - any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another entity, so long as such control exists. In the event that such control ceases to exist, such Affiliate will be deemed to have withdrawn from ADVCIS pursuant to the terms set forth in the withdrawal provisions in Section 11. For purposes of this definition, with respect to a business entity, control means direct or indirect beneficial ownership of or the right to exercise (i) greater than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock or equity in an entity; or (ii) greater than fifty percent (50%) of the ownership interest representing the right to make the decisions for the subject entity in the event that there is no voting stock or equity.
 
Beneficiary - any organization, including its Affiliates as defined in this Policy, or individual who benefits from the ADVCIS Non-Assertion Covenant with respect to Essential Claims from Obligated Parties for a particular ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable. A Beneficiary need not be an ADVCIS member.
 
Continuing Licensing or Non-Assertion Obligation - a licensing or non-assertion obligation, of the types defined by Section 9 of this Policy, which survives a GC Party's withdrawal from an ADVCIS Technical Committee.
 
Contribution - any material submitted to an ADVCIS Technical Committee by a GC Member in writing or electronically, whether in an in-person meeting or in any electronic conference or mailing list maintained by ADVCIS for the ADVCIS Technical Committee and which is or was proposed for inclusion in an ADVCIS Deliverable.
 
Contribution Obligation - a licensing or non-assertion requirement, as described in Section 10 that results from making a Contribution as described in Section 9.1.
 
Contributor - a GC Party on whose behalf a Contribution is made by the GC Party's GC Member.
 
Covered Product - includes only those specific portions of a product (hardware, software or combinations thereof) that (a) implement and are compliant with all Normative Portions of an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable produced by a Non-Assertion Mode GC that must be implemented to comply with such deliverable, and (b) to the extent that the product implements one or more optional portions of such deliverable, those portions that implement and are compliant with all Normative Portions that must be implemented to comply with such optional portions of the deliverable.
 
Eligible Person - one of a class of individuals that include: persons holding individual memberships in ADVCIS, employees or designees of organizational members of ADVCIS, and such other persons as may be designated by the ADVCIS Board of Directors.
 
Essential Claims - those claims in any patent or patent application in any jurisdiction in the world that would necessarily be infringed by an implementation of those portions of a particular ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable created within the scope of the GC charter in effect at the time such deliverable was developed. A claim is necessarily infringed hereunder only when it is not possible to avoid infringing it because there is no non-infringing alternative for implementing the Normative Portions of that particular ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable. Existence of a non-infringing alternative shall be judged based on the state of the art at the time the ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable is approved.
10.  Feedback - any written or electronic input provided to an ADVCIS Technical Committee by individuals who are not GC Members and which is proposed for inclusion in an ADVCIS Deliverable. All such Feedback must be made under the terms of the Feedback License (Appendix A).
11.  Final Maintenance Deliverable - Any ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable that results entirely from Maintenance Activity.
12.  IPR Mode - an element of an ADVCIS GC charter, which specifies the type of licenses or non-assertion covenants required for any Essential Claims associated with the output produced by a given Technical Committee. This is further described in Section 4.
13.  Licensed Products - include only those specific portions of a Licensee's products (hardware, software or combinations thereof) that (a) implement and are compliant with all Normative Portions of an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable that must be implemented to comply with such deliverable, and (b) to the extent that the Licensee's products implement one or more optional portions of such deliverable, those portions of Licensee's products that implement and are compliant with all Normative Portions that must be implemented to comply with such optional portions of the deliverable.
14.  Licensee - any organization, including its Affiliates as defined in this Policy, or individual that licenses Essential Claims from Obligated Parties for a particular ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable. Licensees need not be ADVCIS members.
15.  Maintenance Activity - Any drafting or development work to modify an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable that (a) constitutes only error corrections, bug fixes or editorial formatting changes to the ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable; and (b) does not add any feature; and (c) is within the scope of the GC that approved the ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable (whether or not the work is conducted by the same GC).
16.  Normative Portion - a portion of an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable that must be implemented to comply with such deliverable. If such deliverable defines optional parts, Normative Portions include those portions of the optional part that must be implemented if the implementation is to comply with such optional part. Examples and/or reference implementations and other specifications or standards that were developed outside the GC and which are referenced in the body of a particular ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable that may be included in such deliverable are not Normative Portions.
17.  Non-Assertion Mode GC - an ADVCIS GC that is chartered under the Non-Assertion IPR Mode described in Section 4.
18.  ADVCIS Deliverable - a work product developed by a Technical Committee within the scope of its charter which is enumerated in and developed in accordance with the ADVCIS Technical Committee Process.
19.  ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable - an ADVCIS Deliverable that has been designated and approved by a Technical Committee as an ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable and which is enumerated in and developed in accordance with the ADVCIS Technical Committee Process.
20.  ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable - an ADVCIS Deliverable that has been designated and approved by a Technical Committee as an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable and which is enumerated in and developed in accordance with the ADVCIS Technical Committee Process.
21.  ADVCIS Party - a member of ADVCIS (i.e., an entity that has executed an ADVCIS Membership Agreement) and its Affiliates.
22.  ADVCIS GC Administrator - the person(s) appointed to represent ADVCIS in administrative matters relating to GCs as provided by the ADVCIS Technical Committee Process.
23.  ADVCIS Technical Committee (GC) - a group of Eligible Persons formed, and whose actions are conducted, according to the provisions of the ADVCIS Technical Committee Process.
24.  ADVCIS Technical Committee Process - the "ADVCIS OPEN TECHNICAL COMMITTEE PROCESS", as from time to time amended, which describes the operation of Technical Committees at ADVCIS.
25.  Obligated Party - a GC Party that incurs a licensing or non-assertion obligation for its Essential Claims by either a Contribution Obligation or a Participation Obligation.
26.  Participation Obligation - a licensing or non-assertion requirement, as described in Section 10, that arises from membership in an ADVCIS Technical Committee, as described in Section 9.2.
27.  RAND Mode GC - an ADVCIS GC that is chartered under the RAND IPR Mode described in Section 4.
28.  RF Mode GC - an ADVCIS GC that is chartered under one of the RF IPR Modes described in Section 4.
29.  GC Member - an Eligible Person who has completed the requirements to join a GC during the period in which s/he maintains his or her membership as described by the ADVCIS Technical Committee Process. A GC Member may represent the interests of a GC Party in the GC.
30.  GC Party - an ADVCIS Party that is, or is represented by, a GC Member in the relevant Technical Committee.
 
CONFIDENTIALITY
Neither Contributions nor Feedback that are subject to any requirement of confidentiality may be considered in any part of the ADVCIS Technical Committee Process. All Contributions and Feedback will therefore be deemed to have been submitted on a non-confidential basis, notwithstanding any markings or representations to the contrary, and ADVCIS shall have no obligation to treat any such material as confidential.
 
GC FORMATION
At the time a GC is chartered, the proposal to form the GC must specify the IPR Mode under which the Technical Committee will operate. This Policy describes the following IPR Modes:
RAND - requires all Obligated Parties to license their Essential Claims using the RAND licensing elements described in Section 10.1.
RF on RAND Terms - requires all Obligated Parties to license their Essential Claims using the RF licensing elements described in Sections 10.2.1 and 10.2.2.
RF on Limited Terms - requires all Obligated Parties to license their Essential Claims using the RF licensing elements described in Sections 10.2.1 and 10.2.3.
Non-Assertion - requires all Obligated Parties to provide an ADVCIS Non-Assertion Covenant as described in Section 10.3.
A GC may not change its IPR Mode without closing and submitting a new charter.
CONTRIBUTIONS
5.1 General
At the time of submission of a Contribution for consideration by an ADVCIS Technical Committee, each named co-Contributor (and its respective Affiliates) is deemed to agree to the following terms and conditions and to make the following representations (based on the actual knowledge of the GC Member(s) making the Contribution, with respect to items 3 - 5 below, inclusive):
ADVCIS has no duty to publish or otherwise use or disseminate any Contribution.
ADVCIS may reference the name(s) of the Contributor(s) for the purpose of acknowledging and publishing the Contribution.
The Contribution properly identifies any holders of copyright interests in the Contribution.
No information in the Contribution is confidential, and ADVCIS may freely disclose any information in the Contribution.
There are no limits to the Contributor's ability to make the grants, acknowledgments, and agreements required by this Policy with respect to such Contribution.
5.2 Copyright Licenses
To the extent that a Contributor holds a copyright interest in its Contribution, such Contributor grants to ADVCIS a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide copyright license, with the right to directly and indirectly sublicense, to copy, publish, and distribute the Contribution in any way, and to prepare derivative works that are based on or incorporate all or part of the Contribution solely for the purpose of developing and promoting the ADVCIS Deliverable and enabling (subject to the rights of the owners of any Essential Claims) the implementation of the same by Licensees or Beneficiaries.
To the extent that a Contribution is subject to copyright by parties that are not Contributors, the submitter(s) must provide ADVCIS with a signed "Copyright License Grant" (Appendix B) from each such copyright owner whose permission would be required to permit ADVCIS to exercise the rights described in Appendix B.
5.3 Trademarks
Trademarks or service marks that are not owned by ADVCIS shall not be used by ADVCIS, except as approved by the ADVCIS Board of Directors, to refer to work conducted at ADVCIS, including the use in the name of an ADVCIS GC, an ADVCIS Deliverable, or incorporated into such work.
No ADVCIS Party may use an ADVCIS trademark or service mark in connection with an ADVCIS Deliverable or otherwise, except in compliance with such license and usage guidelines as ADVCIS may from time to time require.
 
LIMITED PATENT COVENANT FOR DELIVERABLE DEVELOPMENT
To permit GC Members and their GC Parties to develop implementations of ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverables being developed by a GC, each GC Party represented by a GC Member in a GC, at such time that the GC Member joins the GC, grants to each other GC Party in that GC automatically and without further action on its part, and on an ongoing basis, a limited covenant not to assert any Essential Claims required to implement such ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable and covering making or using (but not selling or otherwise distributing) an implementation of such ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable, solely for the purpose of testing and developing such deliverable and only until either the ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable is approved as an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable or the Technical Committee is closed.
 
FEEDBACK
ADVCIS encourages Feedback to ADVCIS Deliverables from both ADVCIS Parties who are not GC Parties and the public at large. Feedback will be accepted only under the "Feedback License" (Appendix A).
ADVCIS will require that submitters of Feedback agree to the terms of the Feedback License before transmitting submitted Feedback to the Technical Committee.
 
DISCLOSURE
 
Disclosure Obligations - Each GC Party shall disclose to ADVCIS in writing the existence of all patents and/or patent applications owned or claimed by such GC Party that are actually known to the GC Member directly participating in the GC, and which such GC Member believes may contain any Essential Claims or claims that might become Essential Claims upon approval of an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable as such document then exists (collectively, "Disclosed Claims").
 
Disclosure of Third Party Patent Claims - Each GC Party whose GC Members become aware of patents or patent applications owned or claimed by a third party that contain claims that might become Essential Claims upon approval of an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable should disclose them, provided that such disclosure is not prohibited by any confidentiality obligation binding upon them. It is understood that any GC Party that discloses third party patent claims to ADVCIS does not take a position on the essentiality or relevance of the third party claims to the ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable in its then-current form.
In both cases (Sections 8.1 and 8.2), it is understood and agreed that such GC Party(s)' GC Member(s) do not represent that they know of all potentially pertinent claims of patents and patent applications owned or claimed by the GC Party or any third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, while the disclosure obligation under Sections 8.1 and 8.2 applies directly to all GC Parties, this obligation is triggered based on the actual knowledge of the GC Party's GC Members regarding the GC Party's patents or patent applications that may contain Essential Claims.
 
Disclosure Requests - Disclosure requests will be included as described in Section 12 with all public review copies of ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverables. All ADVCIS Parties are encouraged to review such ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverables and make appropriate disclosures.
 
Limitations - A disclosure request and the obligation to disclose set forth above do not imply any obligations on the recipients of disclosure requests (collectively or individually) or on any ADVCIS Party to perform or conduct patent searches. Nothing in this Policy nor the act of receiving a disclosure request for an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable, regardless of whether it is responded to, shall be construed or otherwise interpreted as any kind of express or implied representation with respect to the existence or non-existence of patents or patent applications which contain Essential Claims, other than that such GC Party has acted in good faith with respect to its disclosure obligations.
 
Information - Any disclosure of Disclosed Claims shall include (a) in the case of issued patents and published patent applications, the patent or patent application publication number, the associated country and, as reasonably practicable, the relevant portions of the applicable ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable; and (b) in the case of unpublished patent applications, the existence of the unpublished application and, as reasonably practicable, the relevant portions of the applicable ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable.
 
TYPES OF OBLIGATIONS
9.1 Contribution Obligation
A GC Party has a Contribution Obligation, which arises at the time the Contribution is submitted to a GC, to license or provide under non-assertion covenants as appropriate for the IPR mode described in Section 10, any claims under its patents or patent applications that become Essential Claims when such Contribution is incorporated (either in whole or in part) into (a) the ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable produced by the GC that received the Contribution, or (b) any Final Maintenance Deliverable with respect to that ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable.
9.2 Participation Obligation
A GC Party has a Participation Obligation to license or provide under non-assertion covenant as appropriate for the IPR mode, as described in Section 10, any claims under its patents or patent applications that would be Essential Claims in the then current ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable, if that draft subsequently becomes an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable, even if the GC Party is not a Contributor, when all of the following conditions are met:
·       An ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable is finally approved that incorporates such ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable, either in whole or in part;
·       The GC Party has been on, or has been represented by GC Member(s) on such GC for a total of sixty (60) calendar days, which need not be continuous;
·       The GC Party is on, or is represented by GC Member(s) on such GC after a period of seven (7) calendar days after the ballot to approve such ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable has elapsed.
Once the foregoing conditions are met, that GC Party's Participation Obligation so to license or provide a non-assertion covenant continues with respect to that ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable, and any Final Maintenance Deliverable subsequently approved with respect to that ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable.
For organizational GC Parties, the membership threshold is met by one or more employees or organizational designees of such Parties having been a GC Member on any 60 calendar days, although any given calendar day is only one day of membership, regardless of the number of participants on that day.
Each time a new ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable is approved by the GC, the Participation Obligation adjusts to encompass the material in the latest ADVCIS Standards Draft Deliverable seven days after such draft has been approved for publication.
10. LICENSING REQUIREMENTS
10.1 RAND Mode GC Requirements
For an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable developed by a RAND Mode GC, except where a Licensee has a separate, signed agreement under which the Essential Claims are licensed to such Licensee on more favorable terms and conditions than set forth in this section (in which case such separate signed agreement shall supersede this Limited Patent License), each Obligated Party in such GC hereby covenants that, upon request and subject to Section 11, it will grant to any ADVCIS Party or third party: a nonexclusive, worldwide, non-sublicensable, perpetual patent license (or an equivalent non-assertion covenant) under its Essential Claims covered by its Contribution Obligations or Participation Obligations on fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms to make, have made, use, market, import, offer to sell, and sell, and to otherwise directly or indirectly distribute (a) Licensed Products that implement such ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable, and (b) Licensed Products that implement any Final Maintenance Deliverable with respect to that ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable. Such license need not extend to features of a Licensed Product that are not required to comply with the Normative Portions of such ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable or Final Maintenance Deliverable. For the sake of clarity, the rights set forth above include the right to directly or indirectly authorize a third party to make unmodified copies of the Licensee's Licensed Products and to license (optionally under the third party's license) the Licensee's Licensed Products within the scope of, and subject to the terms of, the Obligated Party's license.
At the election of the Obligated Party, such license may include a term requiring the Licensee to grant a reciprocal license to its Essential Claims (if any) covering the same ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable and any such Final Maintenance Deliverable. Such term may require the Licensee to grant licenses to all implementers of such deliverable. The Obligated Party may also include a term providing that such license may be suspended with respect to the Licensee if that Licensee first sues the Obligated Party for infringement by the Obligated Party of any of the Licensee's Essential Claims covering the same ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable or any such Final Maintenance Deliverable.
License terms that are fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory beyond those specifically mentioned above are left to the Licensees and Obligated Parties involved.
10.2 RF Mode GC Requirements
10.2.1 Common
For an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable developed by an RF Mode GC, except where a Licensee has a separate, signed agreement under which the Essential Claims are licensed to such Licensee on more favorable terms and conditions than set forth in this section (in which case such separate signed agreement shall supersede this Limited Patent License), each Obligated Party in such GC hereby covenants that, upon request and subject to Section 11, it will grant to any ADVCIS Party or third party: a nonexclusive, worldwide, non-sublicensable, perpetual patent license (or an equivalent non-assertion covenant) under its Essential Claims covered by its Contribution Obligations or Participation Obligations without payment of royalties or fees, and subject to the applicable Section 10.2.2 or 10.2.3, to make, have made, use, market, import, offer to sell, and sell, and to otherwise directly or indirectly distribute (a) Licensed Products that implement such ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable, and (b) Licensed Products that implement any Final Maintenance Deliverable with respect to that ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable. Such license need not extend to features of a Licensed Product that are not required to comply with the Normative Portions of such ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable or Final Maintenance Deliverable. For the sake of clarity, the rights set forth above include the right to directly or indirectly authorize a third party to make unmodified copies of the Licensee's Licensed Products and to license (optionally under the third party's license) the Licensee's Licensed Products, within the scope of, and subject to the terms of, the Obligated Party's license.
At the election of the Obligated Party, such license may include a term requiring the Licensee to grant a reciprocal license to its Essential Claims (if any) covering the same ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable and any such Final Maintenance Deliverable. Such term may require the Licensee to grant licenses to all implementers of such deliverable. The Obligated Party may also include a term providing that such license may be suspended with respect to the Licensee if that Licensee first sues the Obligated Party for infringement by the Obligated Party of any of the Licensee's Essential Claims covering the same ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable and any such Final Maintenance Deliverable.
10.2.2 RF on RAND Terms
With GCs operating under the RF on RAND Terms IPR Mode, license terms that are fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory beyond those specifically mentioned in Section 10.2.1 may also be included, and such additional RAND terms are left to the Licensees and Obligated Parties involved.
10.2.3 RF on Limited Terms
With GCs operating under the RF on Limited Terms IPR Mode, Obligated Parties may not impose any further conditions or restrictions beyond those specifically mentioned in Section 10.2.1 on the use of any technology or intellectual property rights, or other restrictions on behavior of the Licensee, but may include reasonable, customary terms relating to operation or maintenance of the license relationship, including the following: choice of law and dispute resolution.
10.3. Non-Assertion Mode GC Requirements
10.3.1. For an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable developed by a Non-Assertion Mode GC, and any Final Maintenance Deliverable with respect to that ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable, each Obligated Party in such GC hereby makes the following world-wide "ADVCIS Non-Assertion Covenant".
Each Obligated Party in a Non-Assertion Mode GC irrevocably covenants that, subject to Section 10.3.2 and Section 11 of the ADVCIS IPR Policy, it will not assert any of its Essential Claims covered by its Contribution Obligations or Participation Obligations against any ADVCIS Party or third party for making, having made, using, marketing, importing, offering to sell, selling, and otherwise distributing Covered Products that implement an ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable developed by that GC and Covered Products that implement any Final Maintenance Deliverable with respect to that ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable.
10.3.2. The covenant described in Section 10.3.1 may be suspended or revoked by the Obligated Party with respect to any ADVCIS Party or third party if that ADVCIS Party or third party asserts an Essential Claim in a suit first brought against, or attempts in writing to assert an Essential Claim against, a Beneficiary with respect to a Covered Product that implements the same ADVCIS Standards Final Deliverable or any such Final Maintenance Deliverable.
